add video "Extreme Clippy for existing Rust Crate" (#5365)
rust-lang/this-week-in-rust: draft/2024-04-10-this-week-in-rust.md

### Observations/Thoughts

### Rust Walkthroughs

> * [video] [Extreme Clippy for an existing Rust Crate](https://youtu.be/jO-oQH_gK4M)

Reviewer: Suggest using the expanded YT URL
```suggestion
* [video] [Extreme Clippy for an existing Rust Crate](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jO-oQH_gK4M)
```
